You get so happy when you sing with others.
Do you hope a creator does like that?
The birds also sing.
I feel that Jehovah is proud of me.
The Scandinavia branch of his supervices
nine languages in audio and video production.
In the three largest languages, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish,
there are also three children choruses that help us
with the recordings of the songs for the become Jehovah's
friend series.
First, I listened very carefully to the American adult chorus.
I tried to spot where they breathe, where they pause,
and the overall mood in their way of singing.
Then, I listened to the music we have received.
I have a piano at home to practice the voices,
and figure out where the high notes and low notes are,
where the challenging parts are, and how I can pass this on to the children.
I also think about what the goal with the recording is,
how other children who listen to the song can feel the same joy as we feel
when we are singing and recording it.
Before the children arrive,
we make sure that all the equipment is prepared and tested,
so everything is ready when they come here.
When we receive the assignment to participate in the recordings of a new song,
I feel that our girls have been full of initiative to practice,
and we have made it our custom to sing the songs and our family worship.
When we are driving to the RTO for the recordings and on other occasions,
we usually sing in the car.
I like to sing the songs because they are good and have nice melodies.
I especially like the new songs because they are so different.
One has African drums in it, and the next is a bit Irish,
and like you are walking in a valley and on a mountain.
Alma plays the cello, and has asked to get the sheet music for the New Kingdom songs,
which are her favorites right now.
It's been a challenge for Andre and me because we are not that musical.
There is also a serious part,
so we start with a prayer to Jehovah.
Then we watch the video and talk about the point of the video,
and how other children and families can benefit when listening to them.
Then we need to loosen up a bit, so we warm up with some exercises,
and then we are ready to sing.
It is clear to us that they appreciate their privilege more and more.
They actually see it as praise to Jehovah.
The joy they have of singing for Jehovah rubs off and asks who work with them.
When the children sing with joy and express themselves freely,
it has an effect on us as parents and the ones in the congregation.
Jehovah becomes happy when he sees it,
and also when he brothers and sisters and children become happy.
It is fun to make the recordings, you get so happy,
and then it's more fun to sing at meetings.
I see more clearly why we sing, and why it is a part of our worship.
We don't go there just to spend time with our friends.
We go there to sing. It is a part of praising Jehovah.
Singing is like a prayer to him.
I have been humming the songs, and people around me wonder what it is I am always humming,
so it has helped me, and it is an easy way to give a witness.
My faith in Jehovah is stronger now.
Yes, it is a gap.
I think that I am happier knowing Jehovah after I began singing.
You understand that singing is a huge part of our worship,
and Jehovah wants us to use it.